ARROW-12545: [Python][Docs] Fill in section about Custom Schema and Field Metadata (#11985)
apache/arrow: docs/source/python/data.rst

Custom Schema and Field Metadata
--------------------------------

> The metadata used for describing the data in the schema or a field can also

Reviewer: Maybe we can start here with a very short explanation that Arrow supports custom metadata at the schema and field level (can maybe reuse the wording from https://github.com/apache/arrow/blob/master/docs/source/format/Columnar.rst#custom-application-metadata). Something like:

> Arrow supports both schema-level and field-level custom key-value metadata allowing for systems to insert their own application defined metadata to customize behavior.

And mention this is preserved in IPC serialization or so. And then we can explain that this can be accessed at `Schema.metadata` and `Field.metadata`.

be added with the use of ``replace_schema_metadata`` or ``with_metadata``.

> To customize the metadata of the existing table you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the schema metadata of the existing table you can use
```

> ``replace_schema_metadata``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`Table.replace_schema_metadata`:
```

(then it will link to the API docs)

.. ipython:: python

   table.schema.metadata # empty
   table = table.replace_schema_metadata({"f0": "First dose"})
   table.schema.metadata

To customize the metadata of the field from the table schema you can use

> ``with_metadata``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`Field.with_metadata`:
```

.. ipython:: python

   field_f1 = table.schema.field("f1")
   field_f1.metadata # empty
   field_f1 = field_f1.with_metadata({"f1": "Second dose"})
   field_f1.metadata

> Both options create a shallow copy of the data and do not in fact change
> Schema which is immutable. To change the metadata in the schema of the table we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both options create a shallow copy of the data and do not in fact change the
Schema which is immutable. To change the metadata in the schema of the table we
```

> Schema which is immutable. To change the metadata in the schema of the table we

Reviewer: The `To change the metadata in the schema of the table we created a new object`, does this refer to the `replace_schema_metadata` example above?

Author: Yes, I guess it is not clear - will reword to be more explicit.

Arrow supports both schema-level and field-level custom key-value metadata
allowing for systems to insert their own application defined metadata to
customize behavior.

Custom metadata can be accessed at ``Schema.metadata`` for the schema-level
and ``Field.metadata`` for the field-level.

Note that this metadata is preserved in :ref:`ipc` processes.

To customize the schema metadata of the existing table you can use
:meth:`Table.replace_schema_metadata`:

.. ipython:: python

   table.schema.metadata # empty
   table = table.replace_schema_metadata({"f0": "First dose"})
   table.schema.metadata

To customize the metadata of the field from the table schema you can use
:meth:`Field.with_metadata`:

.. ipython:: python

   field_f1 = table.schema.field("f1")
   field_f1.metadata # empty
   field_f1 = field_f1.with_metadata({"f1": "Second dose"})
   field_f1.metadata

Both options create a shallow copy of the data and do not in fact change the
Schema which is immutable. To change the metadata in the schema of the table
we created a new object when calling :meth:`Table.replace_schema_metadata`.

To change the metadata of the field in the schema we would need to define

> a new schema and cast it to the data available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a new schema and cast the data to this schema:
```
